.\" Copyright (c) 2011, David Pineau
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"  * Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS BE
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"

.TH CLOUDMIG-VIEW 1 "March 15, 2011" "BSD 3-clause Licence" "BSD General Commands Manual"

.SH NAME

.P
.B
cloudmig-view
- cloud storage migration tool (cloudmig) status viewer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
.B cloudmig-view

.SH DESCRIPTION

.P
This program is the viewer associated with the cloud migration tool (cloudmig).
It connects to an unix socket setup by the migration tool, and waits for data
sent by it. This is program with a curses interface, in order to be usable
inside a terminal.

.P
By displaying the list of ongoing migrations on your system, it allows to choose
which migration to view (by moving the cursors with the up/down arrows), and
then display it.

.P
It displays different progress bars and informations about the selected ongoing
migration : a global progress bar, and the progress of the files currently
being transferred by the tool.

.SH SEE ALSO
.P
cloudmig(1)

.SH AUTHOR

Written by David Pineau.


.SH REPORTING BUGS AND COMMENTS
.P
Please report any bug you encounter with this tool on the
project's github tracker :

http://github.com/Joacchim/Scality-Cloud-Migration-Tool/issues
.P
If you have any suggestion for this tool, please report them on the same page.
For positive or negative comments, contact the author through github.


.SH COPYRIGHT
.P
Copyright © 2011, David Pineau
.br
Licence: Modified BSD (3-clause)
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.


.SH KNOWN BUGS

.P
No known bugs at the moment.


