.\" Copyright (c) 2011, David Pineau
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\"  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"  * Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS BE
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"

.TH CLOUDMIG 1 "March 15, 2011" "BSD 3-clause Licence" "BSD General Commands Manual"

.SH NAME

.P
.B
cloudmig
- cloud storage migration tool


.SH SYNOPSIS

.P
.B
cloudmig
[ \fIsrc_profile_name\fP | \fB\-\-src\-profile\fP=\fIsrc_profile\fP ]
.br
[ \fIdst_profile_name\fP | \fB\-\-dst\-profile\fP=\fIdst_profile\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-config\fP=\fIconfig_file\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-buckets\fP=\fIbuckets_associations\fP]
.br
[ \fB\-\-force\-resume\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-delete\-source\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-background\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-output\fP=\fIlog_file\fP ]
.br
[ \fB\-\-verbose\fP=[
\fBdebug\fP
| \fBinfo\fP
| \fBwarn\fP
| \fBstatus\fP
| \fBerror\fP ]
]
.br
[ \fB\-\-droplet\-trace\fP=\fInihsrcdfb\fP ]



.SH DESCRIPTION

.P
cloudmig migrates the content of a cloud storage account to another. It uses
the Scality Droplet Library to abstract the APIs of the service that hosts the
data. Thus, the supported services depend on the services supported by the
library (see http://github.com/scality/Droplet/ for more information).

.P
The source's profile name and destination's profile name are the names of the
droplet profiles located in the default droplet directory (~/.droplet by
default). Those are mandatory if no configuration file is given to the tool
(through the --config option).

.P
The program first connects to the source account, and creates a status bucket
to be filled with files describing the migration status of each bucket. This
status is updated regularly throughout the migration. If the migration is
stopped in any way (crash, manual stop, ...), this status may be used at the
next attempt to migrate the data. While creating the status files, it creates
the destination buckets where the files will be transfered.


.SH OPTIONS
Here is an exhaustive list of the options available for the cloud migration
tool. Almost all of them have an equivalent in the configuration file. This
will be described in a latter section.

\fB\-s\fP \fI src_profile\fP
.br
\fB\-\-src\-profile\fP=\fIsrc_profile\fP
.RS
Gives the path of the source profile to the program instead of using the
default droplet directory with a profile name.
.RE

\fB\-d\fP \fIdst_profile\fP
.br
\fB\-\-dst\-profile\fP=\fIdst_profile\fP
.RS
Gives the path of the destination profile to the program instead of using the
default droplet directory with a profile name.
.RE

\fB\-c\fP \fIconfig_file\fP
.br
\fB\-\-config\fP=\fIconfig_file\fP
.RS
Uses a configuration file containing all settings for the tools (including
migration profiles). Every setting inside the configuration file will override
the settings of the command-line arguments. The source and destination profiles
\fBmust\fP be defined inside the configuration file if this option is used.
.RE

\fB\-b\fP \fIbuckets_associations\fP
.br
\fB\-\-buckets\fP=\fIbuckets_associations\fP
.RS
Allows to give a formatted string containing the associations of source and
destination buckets. Each association is separated by a semi-colon, and the
source and destination buckets are separated by a colon.
i.e.  source1\fI:\fPdestination1\fI;\fPsource2\fI:\fPdestination2
The tool will therefore only transfer the given buckets into their given
destination. A destination " must " not be an empty string.
.RE

\fB\-r\fP, \fB\-\-force\-resume\fP
.RS
Allows the tool to resume a migration that was interrupted before (with the
same source and destination). By default, the tool aborts and prints a message
about the ongoing migration.
.RE

\fB\-\-delete\-source\fP
.RS
Deletes the source's migrated content at the end of a successful migration. By
default, the tool does not delete the migrated data nor the status bucket. This
options allows to delete both at the end of the migration.
.RE

\fB\-b\fP, \fB\-\-background\fP
.RS
Enables the tool's background mode. This means that nothing will be logged onto
the standard outputs, but in cloudmig.log by default instead. The tool will run
in the background, and give back the control over the shell to the user. See
the \-\-output option in order to see how to change the logging file.
.RE

\fB\-o\fP \fIlog_file\fP
\fB\-\-output\fP=\fIlog_file\fP
.RS
Gives a file to use for the logging. By default, everything is logged on the
standard error output. When using this option, only the ERRORS are still logged
in the standard error output, and everything is logged into the file. In
background mode, everything is logged by default into cloudmig.log. Using this
option allows to change the logging file in this case.
.RE

\fB\-v\fP \fIverbose_level\fP
\fB\-\-verbose\fP=\fIverbose_level\fP
.RS
Choose the verbosity of the migration tool. By default, the tool outputs
information about the files being transfered, as well as the warnings, errors,
and the end of migration status report. This report consists on telling some
stats about the migration : number of objects transfered during the session
(without interruption), quantity of data transfered, elapsed time since the
beginning of the migration and average transfer speed.
.br
Available verbosity level are :
.br
    \fBdebug\fP: everything but the library's debugging traces is logged
.br
    \fBinfo\fP: default behavior.
.br
    \fBwarn\fP: outputs warnings, end status report, and errors.
.br
    \fBstatus\fP: outputs errors and end status report.
.br
    \fBerror\fP: outputs only the errors of the tool.
.RE


\fB\-t\fP \fIoption_string\fP,
\fB\-\-droplet\-trace\fP=\fIoption_string\fP
.RS
Enables the Droplet libary's traces. This is mainly an option for debugging
if one encounters some issues with the tool. Each character of the \fIoption_string\fP matches one type of trace :
.br
    \fBn\fP: network/connection traces
.br
    \fBi\fP: input/output traces (data sent/received through the network)
.br
    \fBh\fP: http reponse traces (http reponse headers)
.br
    \fBs\fP: ssl traces (encryption informations, if https was activated)
.br
    \fBr\fP: http request traces (htpt request headers)
.br
    \fBc\fP: droplet convapi traces (manipulation of buckets and objects)
.br
    \fBd\fP: droplet vdir traces (directory simulations)
.br
    \fBf\fP: droplet vfile traces (file simulations)
.br
    \fBb\fP: droplet buffer traces.
.RE


.SH CONFIGURATION FILE

.SS Priority of the configuration over the options
.P
Every single value inside the configuration file will override the command-line
argument's value during the program's execution. This means that if one uses
the option --verbose=debug on the commandline, but that the configuration file
states verbose=status, then the tool will be in debug mode only until the
verbose=status line is read from the configuration file.

.SS Format
.P
The format of cloudmig's configuration file is a standard ini format. It must
contain three sections:
.br
    \fIsource\fP: contains information about the source account
.br
    \fIdestination\fP: contains information about the destination account
.br
    \fIcloudmig\fP: contains information about the tool's behavior

.P
Both source and destination sections contains the same values:
.br
    \fIuse_https\fP(boolean): secure connection (default false)
.br
    \fIhost\fP(string): host of the storage account
.br
    \fIaccess_key\fP(string): account name
.br
    \fIsecret_key\fP(string): account password
.br
    \fIssl_cert_file\fP(string): (use_https=true) ssl certificate file path
.br
    \fIssl_key_file\fP(string): (use_https=true) ssl key file path
.br
    \fIssl_password\fP(string): ssl key's password
.br
    \fIssl_ca_list\fP(string): ssl key's password
.br
    \fIpricing\fP(string): path to the droplet pricing file
.br
    \fIread_buf_size\fP(string): size of droplet's buffer (default 8192)
.br
    \fIencrypt_key\fP(string): key for on-the-fly encryption by libdroplet.
.P
The possible values for the cloudmig section match almost every command-line
option. Indeed, only the options --config, --src-profile and --dst-profile
are not used within this section. The names of the values to define match the
option's names (without the two first dashes), and use the same values.
See the OPTIONS section for more information about each of them.



.SH AUTHOR

Written by David Pineau.


.SH REPORTING BUGS AND COMMENTS

.P
Please report any bug you encounter with this tool on the
project's github tracker :

http://github.com/Joacchim/Scality-Cloud-Migration-Tool/issues .

.P
If you have any suggestion for this tool, please report them on the same page.
For positive or negative comments, contact the author through github.

.SH COPYRIGHT
.P
Copyright © 2011, David Pineau
.br
Licence: Modified BSD (3-clause)
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.


.SH KNOWN BUGS

.P
\fITracker issue #10\fP : \fBAcl replication management\fP
.br
When transferring a file, the canned_acl are calculated from the file's whole
acl xml. Two of the six canned_acl defined in the S3 API aren't supported at
the moment, and will default to a private file acl.


